Update menuitem-non-empty-name-m6b1q3.md (#1898)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/menuitem-non-empty-name-m6b1q3.md

#### Failed Example 2

> This offscreen element with the `menuitem` role has no [accessible name][] because it has no content or attribute that can provide it.

Author: ```suggestion
This off-screen element with the `menuitem` role has no [accessible name][] because it has no content or attribute that can provide it.
```
